Congratulations, you've really made it through a lot of
material from probability to classification.
In this lesson, you learned how to manually program a classifier step-by-step.
First, by looking at a classification problem,
and your images, and planning up a complete approach to a solution.
These steps, include pre-processing images so
that they could be further analyzed in the same way.
This included changing color spaces.
Then, we moved on to feature extraction in which you decided on
distinguishing traits in each class of image and tried to isolate those features.
Finally, you created a complete classifier that output a label or a class
for any given image and analyzed your classification model to see its accuracy.
Now, you're ready to build a more complex classifier and complete this program.
Good luck and great.